<body>
  <script>
    const dataset = [
                  [ 34,    422 ],
                  [ 109,   220 ],
                  [ 310,   380 ],
                  [ 79,    89 ],
                  [ 420,   280 ],
                  [ 233,   355 ],
                  [ 333,   404 ],
                  [ 222,   167 ],
                  [ 78,    180 ],
                  [ 21,    377 ]
                ];


    const w = 500;
    const h = 500;

    const svg = d3.select("body")
                  .append("svg")
                  .attr("width", w)
                  .attr("height", h);

    svg.selectAll("circle")
       .data(dataset)
       .enter()
       .append("circle")
       // Add your code below this line
       .attr("cx", (d)=>d[0])
       .attr("cy", (d)=>d[1])
       .attr("r", 5)

       // Add your code above this line

  </script>
</body>

<!--The last challenge created the circle 
elements for each point in the dataset, and 
appended them to the SVG canvas. But D3 needs 
more information about the position and size 
of each circle to display them correctly.

A circle in SVG has three main attributes. The 
cx and cy attributes are the coordinates. They 
tell D3 where to position the center of the 
shape on the SVG canvas. The radius (r 
attribute) gives the size of the circle.

Just like the rect y coordinate, the cy 
attribute for a circle is measured from the 
top of the SVG canvas, not from the bottom.

All three attributes can use a callback 
function to set their values dynamically. 
Remember that all methods chained after data
(dataset) run once per item in dataset. The d 
parameter in the callback function refers to 
the current item in dataset, which is an array 
for each point. You use bracket notation, like 
d[0], to access the values in that array.

Add cx, cy, and r attributes to the circle 
elements. The cx value should be the first 
number in the array for each item in dataset. 
The cy value should be based off the second 
number in the array, but make sure to show the 
chart right-side-up and not inverted. The r 
value should be 5 for all circles.-->